Description


The Command message

Command is the root message.
It's type can be one of the following options:

    Shutdown
App -> CRISIS
The rest of the message should be left empty. As a result, the CRISIS vehicle
should initiate a shutdown.

    StartProgram
App -> CRISIS
The program field of the Command message should be filled out. As a result, 
the CRISIS vehicle should start a new program, according to the Command.program 
field.

    Environment
CRISIS -> App
The env field of the Command message should be filled out. As a result,
the app will be updated with the new environment details of the CRISIS vehicle.

    RestartROS
App -> CRISIS
The rest of the message should be left empty. As a result, the ROS framework on
the CRISIS vehicle will restart.

    AbortProgram
App -> CRISIS
The rest of the message should be left empty. As a result, the currently running
program (e.g. task) on the CRISIS vehicle will be aborted, and the vehicle will
return to a neutral state.



The Program message

    This message contains program information.
The program is one of three types: Tour, Navigate or FindDamaged.
The type field of the Program message should indicate what kind of program is
described. This can be one of three options:

    Tour
The Program.steps field should contain one step, which should indicate the 
direction of the first turn to take. This means the vehicle should turn either
Left or Right at the upcoming headland.

    Navigate
The Program.steps field should contain every step to take during the program.
Every step consists of a direction and a 'nth' field. The 'direction' indicates
the direction of the step, the 'nth' field indicates the amount of opportunities
to skip. This means a Step wiith the nth field set to 3 and the direction field
set to Left, equals the instruction '3rd left'.

    FindDamaged
The Program.steps field should be filled out equal to the Tour program. In this
case, the CRISIS vehicle should start the detection of ill or damaged plants 
program.






The Environment message

    This message describes environment information.
It consists of three fields, 'elements', 'crisis' and 'field_size'.

    The 'elements' field
This field contains all the known elements on the field. This is a list of 
messages of type Environment.Element.

    The 'crisis' field
This field describes the position of the CRISIS vehicle. It consists of two 
subfields, 'pos' and 'rotation'. Pos indicates the position within the field,
rotation indicates the rotation of the vehicle. Both fields are relative to an
absolute arbitrary coordinate, determined by the CRISIS vehicle.

    The 'field_size' field
This field describes the size of the field described by the 'elements' and 
'crisis' fields, and should indicate the size of the known area.


The Environment.Element message
    This message describes one environment element.
The message consists of three fields:

    The 'type' field
This field indicates the type of element. The type can be one of three options,
Sunflower, DeadSunflower or Weed.

    The 'pos' field
This field indicates the position of the element in the area described in the
Environment.field_size field.

    The 'size' field
This field is optional and indicates the size of the flower. 1.0 Indicates a
normal size. This field is meant for displaying purposes, and can be ignored.


